docs: use official website documentation as a reference (#2656)
pingcap/pd: tools/pd-ctl/README.md

# pd-ctl

> `pd-ctl` is a command line tool for PD, `pd-ctl` obtains the state information of the cluster and tunes the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pd-ctl` is a command line tool for PD, used to obtain the state information of the cluster and tune the cluster.
```
